# Tealium Mobile Library for Android

This mobile library leverages the power of Tealium's [TIQ™ Tag Management](http://tealium.com/products/tealium-iq-tag-management-system/), [AudienceStream™](http://tealium.com/products/audiencestream/) and [Data Access™](http://tealium.com/products/tealium-dataaccess/) products, or any combination of, making them natively available to Android applications. Please contact your Account Manager first to verify your agreement(s) for licensed products.

**Minimum Android API: 9 (Gingerbread)**
**Debug Requirement - Min. Android API: 11 (Honeycomb)**

## What does Tealium do?

Tealium provides the platform for crafting a modern, scalable and flexible marketing technology stack so you can easily connect and integrate all of your best-in-class solutions.

### What is Tag Management ?

Tealium iQ™ powers more web experiences than any other enterprise tag management provider.  

As the foundation of Tealium’s real-time customer data platform, the Tealium iQ tag management solution enables marketing organizations to unify disparate data sources and drive more consistent visitor interactions. Equipped with an ecosystem of hundreds of turnkey vendor integrations, you can easily deploy and manage vendor tags, test new technologies, and finally take control of your marketing technology stack.

### What is Audience Stream ?

Tealium AudienceStream is the leading omnichannel customer segmentation and action engine, combining robust audience management and profile enrichment capabilities with the ability to take immediate, relevant action.

AudienceStream allows you to create a unified view of your customers, correlating data across every customer touchpoint, and then leverage that comprehensive customer profile across your entire digital marketing stack.

### What is Data Access ?

Tealium DataAccess™ is a suite of rich data services built from the ground up to break down the barriers between the marketing data set and data available across an entire organization. DataAccess offers the richest source of clean omnichannel, event, and audience data collected across web and mobile touch points, and makes that data available for real-time action.

## How To Get Started

* Check out the [Getting Started](https://community.tealiumiq.com/t5/6-Mobile-Documentation/Mobile-110-Getting-started-with-Android-5-x/ta-p/10326) guide for a step by step walkthough of adding Tealium to an extisting project.  
* The public API can viewed online [here](https://tealium.github.io/tealium-android), it is also provided in the [documentation directory](/../../tree/master/Documentation) of this repo generated by JavaDoc.
* There are many other useful articles on our [community site](https://community.tealiumiq.com).

## Contact Us

* If you have **code questions** or have experienced **errors** please post an issue in the [issues page](../../issues)
* If you have **general questions** or want to network with other users please visit the [Tealium Learning Community](https://community.tealiumiq.com)
* If you have **account specific questions** please contact your Tealium account manager

## Change Log
- 5.1.0
    - New track call trackEventType()
    - Optional Debug Module
    - Samples app updated to use Tealium Maven dependencies:
        - library (core)
        - lifecycle
        - debug
    - Tealium Data Sources added:
        - tealium_event (previously event_name / link_id)
        - app_uuid (previously uuid)
        - tealium_event_type
- 5.0.4
    - Standardized Tealium Data Sources
    - Added lifecycle_totalcrashcount to lifecycle module
    - Fixed late initialization null pointer issue
- 5.0.3
	- Renamed OnMetricUpdateListener to MetricUpdateListener
	- Fixed data clobbering bug
	- Fixed JavaScript evaluation in Marshmallow
- 5.0.2
    - Fixed setOverrideCollectDispatchUrl bug
- 5.0.1 
    - Fixed cause of "Ignoring InnerClasses attribute for an anonymous inner class" warning
    - Clarified "Retrieved bad visitor profile:" error message
    - Override S2S legacy now allows for querystring variables
- 5.0.0 Initial Release
    - Multiton support
    - Collect Dispatch support
    - S2S Dispatch support
    - Tag Managment Dispatch support
    - TIQ Mobile Publish Settings v5 support

## License

Use of this software is subject to the terms and conditions of the license agreement contained in the file titled "LICENSE.txt".  Please read the license before downloading or using any of the files contained in this repository. By downloading or using any of these files, you are agreeing to be bound by and comply with the license agreement.


---
Copyright (C) 2012-2017, Tealium Inc.
